Add Bitbucket Labs (#48)
actions/importer-labs: bitbucket/6-migrate.md

## Prerequisites

1. Followed the steps [here](./readme.md#configure-your-codespace) to set up your GitHub Codespaces environment.
2. Completed the [configure lab](./1-configure.md#configuring-credentials).
3. Completed the [dry-run lab](./4-dry-run.md).

## Performing a migration

Answer the following questions before running a `migrate` command:

1. What repository do you want to migrate?
    - __basic-pipeline__
2. What is the workspace for that repository?
    - __actions-importer__
3. Where do you want to store the logs?
    - __tmp/migrate__
4. What is the URL for the GitHub repository to add the workflow to?
    - __this repository__. The URL should should follow the pattern <https://github.com/:owner/:repo> with `:owner` and `:repo` replaced with your values.

### Steps

1. Run the below `migrate` command in the codespace terminal, remember to update the `--target-url` before executing:

    ```bash
    gh actions-importer migrate bitbucket --target-url https://github.com/:owner/:repo --output-dir tmp/migrate --workspace actions-importer --repository basic-pipeline --source-file-path ./bitbucket/bootstrap/source_files/basic_pipeline.yml
    ```

>     > Note: We are utilizing `--source-file-path` specifically for this lab, and it may not be necessary for regular use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: The `--source-file-path` option is not required and is used throughout this lab to convert files that are stored locally. This can be omitted and GitHub Actions Importer will programmatically fetch pipeline definitions using the Bitbucket REST APIs.
```
